hello this is accurate here teaching you
guys how to sniff ip's using Cain and
Abel first what you want to do is go to
google.com and type in Cain and Abel
it'll be your first link you just want
to go ahead and click that then click
the second link right here it will say
this file appears to be malicious but
I've used it for quite a long time now
and it's never heard my computer wants
so you don't have to use it if you don't
want to wait for it to get done
downloading
go ahead and run the setup
no it'll say do you want to install a
wind cap driver you want to install that
just keep hitting next
and then finish I know by that time you
should have a icon in your background
since Cain go ahead and double click
that it will say your windows firewall
enabled some king features will not work
correctly that is fine go ahead and
press ok all right now this will be the
first time set up so you don't have to
do this again I always want to do is go
to configure you want to click on the
one that says microsoft alright want to
double click it make sure do not use
from whatever that says I don't know
what this says make sure you have that
checked then press apply and then okay
go ahead and go to sniffer those won't
be there go ahead and click this is the
sniffer button right here and the blue
thing is across and basically you want
to go ahead and scan to make sure Xbox
Live will not come up right now because
I'm suspended currently I should be able
to get back on in about a few hours from
now but it'll say Xbox Live which will
be like 106 and lay 106 on the end and
you want to go to a PR poisoning see
it'll have 106 but I'm going to teach
you guys how to do that go ahead and hit
the cross again um when you're doing
this 106 106 will be right here you want
to click 106 then you want to click the
router but right now I'm just going to
do 122 and then click the router and I
hey okay and when you hit a PR poisoning
you'll start to get IP addresses I I
don't know what 192 even is but I'm
getting IP addresses from them basically
on the right side is the IP address at
your polling on xbox live if you're in a
party with a friend or something the
person with the most packets will be the
party leader so that's how you can tell
them apart basically what what you can
do is scrub it and type in the IP
address like a text document and I'll
show you what you can do afterwards with
that like then you
just exit or whatever make sure you have
it turned off or you'll start logging on
to parties and stuff um like all you got
to do from then on run cane again if you
want to get some more ip's just going to
sniffer put a PR and then just hit these
two and it'll still it'll still work
just fine then you can make sure you
turn these off though when you're done
getting IPS because if you don't you're
you're going to start logging out of
parties and stuff but you know that's an
IP address go ahead and type it up and
I'll show you what you can do with that
in the next tutorial I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial and I guess I'll
see you guys later